[fat]
Yo mama so fat, when she sits around the house, she sits around the house.
Yo mama so fat, she has her own gravitational pull.
Yo mama so fat, when she fell on the sidewalk, the sidewalk cracked up.
Yo mama so fat, NASA orbits her instead of the Earth.
Yo mama so fat, she uses Google Earth to take a selfie.
Yo mama so fat, her belly button gets its own echo.
Yo mama so fat, she makes Godzilla look like an action figure.
Yo mama so fat, when she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
Yo mama so fat, her blood type is Ragu.
Yo mama so fat, she gave Dracula diabetes.
Yo mama so fat, Thanos had to snap twice.
Yo mama so fat, when she went to the beach a whale sang “We are family.”
Yo mama so fat, her shadow weighs 30 pounds.
Yo mama so fat, she needs a map to find her other sock.
Yo mama so fat, when she steps on a scale it says “I need your weight, not your phone number.”
Yo mama so fat, her ass has its own zip code.
Yo mama so fat, she uses bacon as breath mints.
Yo mama so fat, people jog around her for exercise.
Yo mama so fat, when she dies in Call of Duty you get a five-person kill streak.
Yo mama so fat, she sat on a rainbow and Skittles popped out.
Yo mama so fat, her college graduation picture was an aerial photo.
Yo mama so fat, her picture fell off the wall.
Yo mama so fat, she has more chins than a Chinese phone book.
Yo mama so fat, she wears a sock on each toe.
Yo mama so fat, when she wears a Malcolm X shirt helicopters try to land on her.
Yo mama so fat, she has her own area code.
Yo mama so fat, when she wears high heels she strikes oil.
Yo mama so fat, you have to roll over twice just to get off her.
Yo mama so fat, when she takes a bath there’s no room left for water.
Yo mama so fat, when she sat on a rainbow Skittles popped out.
Yo mama so fat, her shadow weighs 50 pounds.
Yo mama so fat, when she fell on the sidewalk the sidewalk cracked up.
Yo mama so fat, when she steps on a scale it says “To be continued…”
Yo mama so fat, when her beeper goes off everyone thinks she’s backing up.
Yo mama so fat, when she wears red everyone yells “Hey Kool-Aid!”
Yo mama so fat, NASA uses her for a space station.
Yo mama so fat, her college graduation photo was an aerial shot.
Yo mama so fat, she sat on a quarter and squeezed a booger out of George Washington.
Yo mama so fat, when she walks past the TV you miss three episodes.
Yo mama so fat, her blood type is Nutella.
Yo mama so fat, she has her own gravitational field.
Yo mama so fat, when she goes to the beach whales start singing “We are family.”
Yo mama so fat, she needs two seats… on a rollercoaster… and the train.

[stupid]
Yo mama so stupid, she thought a quarterback was a refund.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to put M&Ms in alphabetical order.
Yo mama so stupid, she stared at orange juice because it said “concentrate.”
Yo mama so stupid, she thought Fortnite was fork night.
Yo mama so stupid, she got locked in a mattress store and slept on the floor.
Yo mama so stupid, she climbed Mountain Dew.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought seaweed was something fish smoke.
Yo mama so stupid, she told me to meet her at the corner of WALK and DON’T WALK.
Yo mama so stupid, she failed a survey.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to the dentist to get a Bluetooth.
Yo mama so stupid, she put two quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to money.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought light sabers had fewer calories.
Yo mama so stupid, she bought a toolkit to open a Roth IRA.
Yo mama so stupid, she got fired from a blow job.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to the YMCA thinking it was Macy’s.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to climb the “Mountain Dew.”
Yo mama so stupid, she thought Taco Bell was a Mexican phone company.
Yo mama so stupid, she put a watch in a piggy bank to save time.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought a lawsuit was a place to play tennis.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought Nickelback was a refund.
Yo mama so stupid, she studied for a COVID test.
Yo mama so stupid, she got fired from the M&M factory for throwing away all the W’s.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to climb Mountain Dew.
Yo mama so stupid, she sat on the TV and watched the couch.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought Instagram was a weed delivery service.
Yo mama so stupid, she won’t play Candy Crush because she has diabetes.
Yo mama so stupid, she tripped over a wireless mouse.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought “Do Not Enter” was a suggestion for a club.
Yo mama so stupid, she asked for a price check at the dollar store.

[ugly]
Yo mama so ugly, when she was born the doctor slapped her and her parents.
Yo mama so ugly, she made One Direction go the other way.
Yo mama so ugly, she scares blind people.
Yo mama so ugly, when she looks in the mirror her reflection looks away.
Yo mama so ugly, burglars break in just to close the drapes.
Yo mama so ugly, she has a sign in her garden saying “Beware of the dog!”
Yo mama so ugly, when she joined an ugly contest they said “Sorry, no professionals.”
Yo mama so ugly, monsters hide under her bed.
Yo mama so ugly, her face is closed on weekends.
Yo mama so ugly, she makes onions cry.
Yo mama so ugly, when she smiles the clock stops.
Yo mama so ugly, even her mirror says “No comment.”
Yo mama so ugly, she entered a haunted house and came out with a job application.
Yo mama so ugly, even Hello Kitty said goodbye.
Yo mama so ugly, Bob the Builder said “I can’t fix that!”
Yo mama so ugly, she went into a haunted house and they handed her a job application.
Yo mama so ugly, when she looks in the mirror her reflection says “No comment.”
Yo mama so ugly, she entered a scary contest and won… without trying.
Yo mama so ugly, even her mirror needs therapy.
Yo mama so ugly, she made the Grinch’s heart grow three sizes… out of fear.
Yo mama so ugly, she has to sneak up on her own mirror.

[old]
Yo mama so old, she knew Burger King when he was just a prince.
Yo mama so old, her birth certificate says “Expired.”
Yo mama so old, she walked out of a museum and the alarm went off.
Yo mama so old, she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo mama so old, she has an autographed Bible.
Yo mama so old, her social security number is 001.
Yo mama so old, she took her driving test on a dinosaur.
Yo mama so old, when God said “Let there be light,” he asked her to move.
Yo mama so old, rainbows were still black and white when she was a kid.
Yo mama so old, her favorite food is primordial soup.
Yo mama so old, she remembers when the Dead Sea was just sick.
Yo mama so old, her birth certificate is in Roman numerals.
Yo mama so old, she has dinosaur bones in her backyard.
Yo mama so old, her social security number is 1.
Yo mama so old, rainbows were still black and white when she was young.
Yo mama so old, she knew Mr. Clean when he had an afro.
Yo mama so old, she knew Burger King when he was still a prince… and a peasant.
Yo mama so old, her favorite song is “The Flintstones” theme.
Yo mama so old, she remembers when emojis were just cave drawings.

[short]
Yo mama so short, she poses for trophies.
Yo mama so short, she hang-glides on a Dorito.
Yo mama so short, when she took a bath she fell down the drain.
Yo mama so short, she uses a toothpick as a baseball bat.
Yo mama so short, she plays hide and seek in the grass.
Yo mama so short, she has to use a ladder to reach the ground.

[hairy]
Yo mama so hairy, Bigfoot called and asked for his fur back.
Yo mama so hairy, when she gave birth you got carpet burn.
Yo mama so hairy, she has to braid her leg hair to walk.
Yo mama so hairy, she uses hedge trimmers for leg day.
Yo mama so hairy, Bigfoot took her picture and said “Found him!”
Yo mama so hairy, she uses hedge trimmers on her legs.

[poor]
Yo mama so poor, she can’t even pay attention.
Yo mama so poor, when I rang the doorbell I heard the toilet flush.
Yo mama so poor, she went to McDonald’s and put a milkshake on layaway.
Yo mama so poor, she waves a popsicle stick and calls it air conditioning.
Yo mama so poor, she licks other people’s fingers at KFC.
Yo mama so poor, her family ate cereal with a fork to save milk.
Yo mama so poor, she has the ducks throw bread at her.
Yo mama so poor, she uses food stamps as wallpaper.
Yo mama so poor, she can’t afford to pay attention.
Yo mama so poor, the bank asked her to close her account because of insufficient funds… for breathing.
Yo mama so poor, when she saw someone kicking a can she asked “What are you doing?” and they said “Moving.”
Yo mama so poor, her face is on the front of a food stamp.
Yo mama so poor, she was in K-Mart with garbage bags and said she was buying luggage.
Yo mama so poor, she can’t even pay the attention bill.
Yo mama so poor, the bank repossessed her cardboard box.

[lazy]
Yo mama so lazy, she came in last in a “do nothing” contest.
Yo mama so lazy, she uses a remote to change channels on the TV… that’s already off.
Yo mama so lazy, she got a remote control for her remote control.
Yo mama so lazy, she has a stay-at-home job and is still late.
Yo mama so lazy, she put a “Do Not Disturb” sign on her forehead.

[tall]
Yo mama so tall, she can see tomorrow.
Yo mama so tall, she tripped over a cordless phone.

[skinny]
Yo mama so skinny, she hula-hoops with a Cheerio.
Yo mama so skinny, she can grate cheese on her ribs.
Yo mama so skinny, she uses ChapStick for deodorant.
Yo mama so skinny, she disappears when she turns sideways.
Yo mama so skinny, she uses ChapStick as deodorant.
Yo mama so skinny, she can thread a needle while standing in it.

[everything]
Yo mama so everything, but we still love her anyway!
Yo mama so everything, but somehow she still raised a legend!
